oh it's exhausting it did not know the
Christmas haha was so tiring well it's
going to be Christmas soon so I just got
my little scientific Christmas suit down
here hope you enjoy look at that
Dominion symbol right in the back there
hmm anyway um yes gonna be Christmas we
got Christmas scorpions up there and i
will be bringing gifts in evil to all my
citizens who are on fire oh that's so
cool well it's good to have the citizens
on fire during christmas keeps them warm
keeps their spirit up it's all good
right you all enjoy Christmas fires and
villagers right cut that out
yes so Merry Christmas coming up you
shall see something stuff from the
outsiders and that will be all fun
because we're gonna do something cool or
Christmas yes christmas and the you
happen to be like one of the Chanukah
celebrators happy Chanukah because
that's really close or I think it's
almost on us yes I like us really cool
you got the candles you get the the nice
of a hat you get the eight days of gifts
I like that too and then there's
festivus and cons and all that fun stuff
I'm a multinational scientist so you
know you got to consider all these
things and this year maybe I'll give out
the explosives to all the kiddies that
should be fun right all right well I got
some business to do and you know look
for more third shift coming up real soon
I am waiting to hear it me or evil uh
you know click the like button only
takes a second all you have to do thank
you click it click it click the like
button it helps me out shows me you're
there and you love me and you'll get
Christmas gifts if you click the like
button maybe I don't know if you're I
don't know how to put you on a naughty
or nice list if you click the button but
the sender comments below and you know
watch the third shift and tell me what
kind of Evil's you want to see you can
see my my awesome beard see look at this
see how that beard is like on me like so
cool and my goggles are 3d now Oh anyway
I gotta run do the business you all have
a good holiday if I don't see you ah but
yeah
like button click the like button Merry
Christmas Happy Holidays Happy Hanukkah
merry kwanzaa festivus stuff okay do you
think I pushing Barbara Robinson you
think you're gonna be very happy now
I'll take care of you well you'll be
taken care of no gifts for Barbara
Robinson remember that Felix no gifts
for Barbara Robertson maybe she'll be on
fire or eating dynamite or something I
don't know so let's go let's get out of
here
you